All right composer arranges this is actually one of the ones Google has on code fights and they rank
it as easy I believe.
And 15 minutes.
So this one definitely did take me 15 minutes when I solved it originally.
I saw this about a year and a half ago.
I might be able to get a different solution.
We'll see.
We'll do this.
The solution I did and go and mess with it.
But basically we're going to be taking in an array of numbers and we want to figure out how we can travel
between essentially So you'll see we have the serial numbers.
And so we can go negative 1 to 2 while hitting every number in its path and then we can go six to seven.
And then when you go 9 so right that's our objective is to essentially output a string so showcasing
pairs of numbers we can where we're iterations we don't need to have those and put They are all in between
them.
The only hint I really have for you is I use push to solve this.
Go ahead and jump into it.
But really I mean at this point push is nothing.
This is all logic.
So the way that I solve this is like creating an array which I gave a really awful name like this called
new array that band name.
And we we start initialize it to the start as with an object in it that has a start point and an endpoint
that are on that object.
And what we're going to do is we're going to iterate through the values and we're going to find out
if the values in it can increment by 1 essentially do we have this value.
And if we can we're going to add one was good and just jump into quite a bit of logic in here just for
loops where it gets kind of messy which is why I think I could probably refactor it.
So let's start and we'll create an array and we'll still call this ranges.
So the same goes here.
So our example here we're going to initialize it to zero.
It works re-initialize a object in here and we have a start point.
Is this going to have.
No I thought I saved it numbs 0 and it's going to have an end point and then we're also going to initialize
the numbers 0.
So now that we have that what we're going to do is really going to iterate through the array on the
first index value.
And if we wanted to do this properly
you know we we we might if we have we we.
If so I guess what I'm trying to say is we should probably do a check that there's a number 0 before
we ever get to here because it's not we're going to have an here.
So we could do something like this so if Gnome's length is less than 1 return on just return to return
the degree.
There's nothing to change.
My goodness.
Return.
OK here we.
Area will return an empty array.
So we should do that check just because we don't it could break if there's not something there.
So it's good and write a for loop or for what i 0 0 is less than which is going to be one because we
initialized it.
You don't need to do that King is less than the numbers length
plus plus.
All right now we're going to say if Nom's excuse me if the ranges and what are rechecking here ranges
of length minus 1 if it has an end meaning the current item we're iterating over.
Go ahead and add up plus one or other.
Go ahead and see if it's equal to the gnome's value.
So if our current current value if our current ranges length minus one dot and it plus one is equal
the those.
We want to do this we want to go ahead and take green on that point and we just copied this over
and we want to go ahead and say that N is equal to Gnome's.
So the reason that we can do this is the array is already sorted.
If for some reason the array wasn't sorted in this case we don't have to worry about it.
But we would have to sort the array for this logic to work.
So keep that in mind.
So what we're doing is saying hey if this if the end value plus one is equal to the next value go ahead
and just update the end value because we're going to eventually take this object and then we're going
to add the carrots with the start in the end.
That's what the arrow right.
So if it's not all we're going to do is we're just going to initialize a new one or say ranges push
and push a new object on here with a start and we'll go ahead and say we Gnome's I.
And an end that will also be Nomes.
And now we have all the data that we need.
Now I'm actually going to go ahead and make this in any array implicitly because we're going to actually
be modifying this into a string array.
I guess we could do a object array or a string array to be a little bit more specific.
Should we find
just like it does it will look like you at any rate Phil wants to be sassy in every single way he can
clean up a little bit.
So next what we're going to do is write iterate through the array one more time starting on zero.
So say for a let J we do I am I see zero.
0 is less than the new array range is not length.
Plus plus
And what we're and do is if our range is on-I does start does not equal the goal to the ranges and
we are going to go ahead and set the arrow value meaning that there is if the start value and value
are different.
It means that we've added some numbers in between.
But if they're the same if it's one start one end because the next one we joked to was five then we're
just going to return that number right we don't actually want to we don't need to do anything there
other then convert it to a string for for example.
So if that's the case or we're going to do is we're going to go ahead and take ranges.
And we're going to set it equal to some tactics here.
The dollar sign ranges start
cats like looking at me.
I want to jump in here.
So everybody we're busy Granges I end
cool.
Now if it's not then we just need to go ahead and take that current value and we'll say ranges.
And we just said it equal to itself the start value or the end doesn't really matter.
So I start to string.
And then finally at the end here I forgot to do.
But we're going to return ranges and we're done.
So you'll see here that we're going from negative 1 to 2 6 to seven and then nine.
So the logic here is that we're creating this object where restoring a start point and an end point.
And we are going to increment up our end point Intel Intel It doesn't work anymore.
And so if our previous And plus one is equal to our current item increment If not go ahead and create
a new value.
Push it to our ranges then we're just going through here and we're applying the filtering.
But the transformation that we want.